
<b>Limitation of Liability</b>

BY UTILIZING THE KALI PROTOCOL (THE “PROTOCOL) TO SUMMON A DECENTRALIZED AUTONOMOUS ORGANIZATION AND, IF APPLICABLE, A RELATED CORPORATION, LEGAL STRUCTURE, OR OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTATION THE USER OF THE PROTOCOL (THE “USER”) AGREES AS FOLLOWS:

1  No Consequential or Indirect Damages. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY PROVIDED THROUGH DOCUMENTATION LOCATED AT https://github.com/lexDAO/Kali/tree/main/legal, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROTOCOL, KALIDAO, LEXDAO, THE DEVELOPERS OR CONTRIBUTORS TO THE PROTOCOL, THE DEVELOPERS OR CONTRIBUTORS TO LEXDAO OR ANY LEXDAO PROJECTS BE LIABLE THROUGH THE USE OF THE PROTOCOL TO THE USER OF THE PROTOCOL OR ANY RELATED PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF USE, DATA BREACH, REVENUE OR PROFIT, COST OF CAPITAL, LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF GOODWILL, FEDERAL AND STATE REGULATORY LIABILITY, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, EXISTING, NOVEL, OR OTHERWISE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PROTOCOL WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

2  Maximum Liability. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY PROVIDED THROUGH DOCUMENTATION LOCATED AT https://github.com/lexDAO/Kali/tree/main/legal, IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PARTY AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED  THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID OR PAYABLE TO THE PROTOCOL PURSUANT TO THE ON CHAIN  CONTRACT LOCATED AT ADDRESS [KALI CONTRACT ADDRESS] (THE “PROTOCOL ADDRESS”) AND ANY CONTRACTS REQUIRED TO BE CALLED BY THE PROTOCOL ADDRESS IN ORDER TO FACILITATE THE PROPER EXECUTION OF THE PROTOCOL. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY EVEN IF THE USER'S REMEDIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FAIL OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
 
3  Exceptions. BY INTERACTING WITH AND UTILIZING THE PROTOCOL, THE USER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE PROTOCOL IS HIGHLY EXPERIMENTAL AND IS OFFERED ON AN AS IS WHERE IS BASIS.
 
4  Sole Remedy. THIS AGREEMENT SETS FORTH THE PROTOCOL, KALIDAO, LEXDAO, THE DEVELOPERS OR CONTRIBUTORS TO THE PROTOCOL, THE DEVELOPERS OR CONTRIBUTORS TO LEXDAO OR ANY LEXDAO PROJECTS’ SOLE LIABILITY AND ENTIRE OBLIGATION AND USER’S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY ACTION THAT IS BROUGHT AGAINST THE PROTOCOL, KALIDAO, LEXDAO, THE DEVELOPERS OR CONTRIBUTORS TO THE PROTOCOL, THE DEVELOPERS OR CONTRIBUTORS TO LEXDAO OR ANY LEXDAO PROJECTS’.
